The Project Gutenberg EBook of The Boston Dip, by George M. Baker

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and most
other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions
whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms of
the Project Gutenberg License included with this eBook or online at
www.gutenberg.org.  If you are not located in the United States, you'll have
to check the laws of the country where you are located before using this ebook.

Title: The Boston Dip
       A Comedy, in One Act

Author: George M. Baker

Release Date: July 28, 2016 [EBook #52665]

Language: English

Character set encoding: UTF-8

*** START OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK THE BOSTON DIP ***




Produced by David Edwards and the Online Distributed
Proofreading Team at http://www.pgdp.net









                       [Illustration: book cover]




                        ALL THE WORLD’S A STAGE.


                                  THE
                                AMATEUR
                                 DRAMA.

                             --------------

                                  THE
                               BOSTON DIP




                                BOSTON:
                          GEO. M. BAKER & CO.
                         149 Washington Street.

                         KILBURN & MALLORY, SC.

        Entered, according to Act of Congress, in the year 1873
                by GEORGE M. BAKER, in the Office of the
                 Libraries of Congress, at Washington.

------------------------------------------------------------------------




                            THE BOSTON DIP.

                         A Comedy, in One Act.

                            BY THE AUTHOR OF

                          “Sylvia’s Soldier,”
         “Once on a Time,” “Down by the Sea,” “The Last Loaf,”
 “Bread on the Waters,” “Stand by the Flag,” “The Tempter,” “A Drop too
 Much,” “We’re all Teetotalers,” “A Little more Cider,” “Thirty Minutes
     for Refreshments,” “Wanted, a Male Cook,” “A Sea of Troubles,”
          “Freedom of the Press,” “A Close Shave,” “The Great
            Elixir,” “The Man with the Demijohn,” “Humors of
               the Strike,” “New Brooms sweep Clean,” “My
                Uncle the Captain,” “The Greatest Plague
                   in Life,” “No Cure, no Pay,” “The
                      Grecian Bend,” “A War of the
                         Roses,” “Lightheart’s
                              Pilgrimage,”
                                  “The
                               Sculptor’s
                             Triumph,” “Too
                          Late for the Train,”
                       “Snow-Bound,” “The Peddler
                       of Very Nice,” “Bonbons,”
                  “Capuletta,” “An Original Idea,” “My
                Brother’s Keeper,” “Among the Breakers,”
             “The Boston Dip,” “The Duchess of Dublin,” “A
         Tender Attachment,” “Gentlemen of the Jury,” “A Public
      Benefactor,” “The Thief of Time,” “The Hypochondriac,” “The
    Runaways,” “Coals of Fire,” “The Red Chignon,” “Using the Weed,”
         “A Love of a Bonnet,” “A Precious Pickle,” “The Revolt
                    of the Bees,” “The Seven Ages,”
                             &c., &c., &c.


                                BOSTON:
                         GEORGE M. BAKER & CO.,
                         149 WASHINGTON STREET.




       Entered, according to Act of Congress, in the year 1873 by
                            GEORGE M. BAKER,
       In the Office of the Librarian of Congress at Washington.




                _Rand, Avery, & Frye, Printers, Boston._




                            THE BOSTON DIP.

                       A COMEDIETTA, IN ONE ACT.




                              CHARACTERS.


    MR. MOSES MULLIGRUB, once Proprietor of a Fish-cart, now a
      rich Speculator.

    MONSIEUR ADONIS, a Dancing-Master.

    MR. RICHARD DASHER, a Fast Man.

    MR. LAVENDER KIDS, an Exquisite.

    MRS. MOSES MULLIGRUB.

    MISS IDA MULLIGRUB.

    MISS EVA MULLIGRUB.




                                COSTUMES


                          Full Evening Dress.




SCENE.—


_Handsome drawing room in_ MONSIEUR ADONIS’S _Academy. Entrances_, R.,
  L., _and_ C. _Lounges,_ R. _and_ L. _Screen,_ L. _corner, back. Two
  chairs,_ R. _and_ L. _of door in flat_.

_Music, as curtain rises, Straus’s waltz, “Beautiful Blue Danube.”_ MISS
  IDA _and_ MISS EVA _discovered waltzing, introducing “The Boston Dip.”
  They waltz a few moments, then stop. Music ceases._

_Ida._ Now, isn’t that delightful?

_Eva._ Delightful! It’s positively bewitching. Bless that dear Monsieur
Adonis. He deserves a crown of roses for introducing to his assembly the
latest Terpsichorean novelty. O, we shall have a splendid time to-night!

_Ida._ Especially as those charming waltzers, Messrs. Richard Dasher and
Lavender Kids, “the glass of fashion and the mould of form,” are to
honor us with their presence.

_Eva._ Yes, indeed. What would the dance be without them?

_Ida._ Not worth the trouble of dressing. But don’t you think that Mr.
Dasher is a little too attentive to Miss Eva Mulligrub,—eh, sister?

_Eva._ Not more attentive, certainly, than is Mr. Lavender Kids to her
charming sister, Miss Ida Mulligrub.—Eh, sister?

_Ida._ But seriously, Eva, I begin to think that you are carrying this
matter a little too far. Mr. Dasher might reasonably expect, from the
partiality you unhesitatingly show for his society, and the smiles you
bestow upon him, to be considered your lover.

_Eva._ You begin to think. Why, bless you, Ida, I’ve thought and thought
and thought, for a long time, that were I Mr. Lavender Kids, I should
pop the question at once, so undeniably entranced are you by his
attentions.

_Ida._ Eva!

_Eva._ Ida!

_Ida._ You’re talking nonsense.

_Eva._ Well, you began it.

_Ida._ But you know you like Mr. Dasher.

_Eva._ To be sure I do. He’s the best waltzer in the city. Graceful,
agreeable, and decidedly good-looking.

_Ida._ And you would marry him?

_Eva._ Not unless he asked me, and then—

_Ida._ And then—

_Eva._ I should remember that he is considered a fortune-hunter, that he
is too fond of horses, that possibly he might have an eye on father’s
bank-book, that I don’t want such a husband, and should very sweetly,
calmly, but decidedly say, No, thank you, Mr. Dasher.

_Ida._ Exactly what I should say to Mr. Kids, without the sweetness and
calmness.

_Eva._ I hope we shall not have the chance, for then, of course, we
should lose their society—and they are such superb waltzers.

_Ida._ But what in the world could have possessed mother to have us come
so early. Hurry, girls, hurry! And here we are before the hall is
lighted.

_Eva._ I’m sure I don’t know. It’s one of her whims. One would hardly
think that, at her age, she would care for dancing.

_Ida._ But she does. I caught her to-day attempting a waltz before the
glass in her room; and such work as she did make of it!

_Eva._ She’s not very nimble with her weight of years and flesh, but she
would come to-night, and without father, too.

_Ida._ Catch him in such a place! No doubt he’s already snoring at home
in his easy-chair, speculating on corner lots in his dreams.

_Eva._ Better that than the old life, dragging a handcart through the
streets, and shouting, “Cod! haddock! halibut! eel—eel—eel—eels!”

_Ida._ Why, Eva, don’t speak of that; and such a noise, too.

_Eva._ Who cares. Everybody knows what we once were, and I, for one, am
not going to be ashamed of father’s old occupation. He has made money in
an honest way: so let us have no false pride, Ida. “Cod! haddock!
halibut! eel—eel—eel—eels!”

                       _Enter_ MRS. MULLIGRUB, C.

_Mrs. M._ Well, I never! Eva Mulligrub, I’m blushing with shame,
petrified with mortification, and stunned with grief, to hear such words
as those proceeding from your lips. I never heard such language before,
never.

_Eva._ Why, mother! And I’ve heard father say those very words brought
you to the window many a time when he passed; that they were the bait by
which you were caught, and that you were the best catch he ever made.

_Mrs. M._ Fiddle-de-de! That’s his twaddle. We’re above such language
now. But come, girls, fix me up! I’m all coming to pieces. Is that
what’s-its-name behind all right, and this thingumbob on my neck, and
the what-you-may-call-it on top of my head? Dear me, I’m all in a
pucker.

_Ida._ Everything about your dress is charming, mother.

_Mrs. M._ Well, I’m glad on’t. Now girls, look here, I’ve made an
assignment with Munseer What’s-his-name to-night.

_Eva._ A what?

_Ida._ Assignment? You mean an appointment.

_Mrs. M._ Well, it’s all the same. I’m going to learn to do that dipper
thing, if I die for it.

_Eva._ I don’t understand.

_Ida._ She means The Boston Dip.

_Mrs. M._ That’s it—where you go tipping about, while the fiddlers play
Struse’s Beautiful Blue Dan-_u_-by.

_Eva._ You, mother, learn to waltz!

_Mrs. M._ And why not? There’s Mrs. What’s-her-name gets through it, and
she’s older and heavier than I. I’m going to learn it. What’s the use of
having money if you can’t spin round like other folks. But don’t say a
word to your father. Bless me, how he would roar! But he’s safe at home,
snoozing in his chair by this time. I’ve arranged it all. I’ve engaged
this drawing-room for my own party, and when you’re all dancing in the
hall, Muns_ee_r A—A—what’s-his-name will slip in here, and practice the
waltz with me, and nobody will know anything about it until I’m
deficient.

_Ida._ Proficient, mother.

_Mrs. M._ Well, what’s the difference? It’s all arranged. I’m not going
to make a fool of myself before folks when I can pay for private
lessons.

                          DASHER _appears,_ C.

_Dasher_ (_loud_). Eureka!

_Mrs. M._ (_starting_). Good gracious! You what?

_Dasher._ “Fortune favors the brave.” Like Cæsar, I came, I saw, and I’m
overcome. May I come in?

_Mrs. M._ Certainly, Mr. Dasher. Your presence always adds a charm to
our—what’s-its-name—circular.

_Ida._ Circle, mother.

_Mrs. M._ Well, what’s the odds?

_Dasher._ Thank you, Mrs. Mulligrub. You are arrayed like an empress;
Miss Ida, your costume is only eclipsed by your charming face; Miss Eva—

_Eva._ “Last but not least in our dear love,” must of course be divine;
so spare my blushes and your breath. (_Sits on lounge_, R.)

_Dasher._ Thank you. And now congratulate me. I threw down my pen, after
a hard fight with figures, to seek the lonely recesses of my bachelor’s
quarters, heartily sick of life, when it suddenly occurred to me that
this evening Monsieur Adonis gives one of his charming assemblies.
Perhaps, thought I, there I may find rest for my weary brain from the
figures of the ledger, which are dancing in my head, in the figures of
the dance. But did I dream of falling into such charming society? No;
most emphatically and decidedly, no. Therefore, like Cæsar—

_Mrs. M._ And pray, Mr. Dasher, who is this Cæsar you’re making such a
fuss about?

_Ida._ Why, mother!

_Mrs. M._ La, child, there’s nobody of that name I’m acquainted with.

_Ida._ You know, mother, Cæsar was the great Roman general, who—

_Mrs. M._ La, yes; Mr. Dasher was only speaking metagorically. Cæsar was
the man who crossed the what’s-its-name, and was stabbed by a brute.

_Eva._ Never mind Cæsar. Here’s my card, Mr. Dasher. Of course your name
will be the first I shall allow upon it.

_Dasher_ (_sits on lounge beside_ EVA). Am I to be so highly honored.
(_Takes card._)

_Eva._ For a waltz, and only one.

_Mrs. M._ La, child, don’t be so unscrupulous. You’ll dance till you
drop if you get a chance.

_Ida._ Hush, mother.

_Mrs. M._ Now what’s the matter with you? Mr. What’s-his-name will dance
with you, too. Don’t be so anxious.

_Ida._ O, dear, was there ever such a torment. (_Sits on lounge_, L.)

                            _Enter_ KIDS, C.

_Kids_ (_with glass to his eye_). Now, weally! Have I stumbled into the
bodwaw of a bevy of enchanting goddesses?—have I, weally?

_Ida._ O, Mr. Kids!

_Eva._ You have, weally, Mr. Kids.

_Dasher._ Lavender, my boy, how are you?

_Kids._ And will the divine goddesses permit me to entaw, to disturb
their tableaw of beauty with my horwid figgaw?

_Eva._ Yes, trot your horwid figgaw in, Mr. Kids.

_Mrs. M._ Eva, I’m astonished at such language as those. Mr. Kids, we
are delighted to see you.

_Ida._ Yes, indeed, Mr. Kids. I’ve kept my card for you.

_Kids._ Divine creachaw, you overpowaw me—you do, weally. (_Sits on
lounge beside_ IDA, _and takes her card._) Just one waltz?

_Eva._ As many as you please, Mr. Kids.

_Mrs. M._ Now that’s what I call generous. I wonder where Mr.—no,
Muns_ee_r—Adonis can be. (_Retires up._)

_Eva._ Mr. Dasher, how can you tell such falsehoods, when you know, that
I know, that you know, we were to be here to-night.

_Dasher._ What a knowing young lady. It’s one of the frailties of
masculine nature, Miss Eva. I’m glad I was not George Washington, for I
should certainly have spoiled that hatchet story by a lie. Now I am
here, dear Miss Eva, overpowered with the burden of a weighty secret, I
am going to disclose it. I—I—

_Kids._ I say, Dashaw, I’ve had my bwains surveyed to-day.

_Dasher._ Have you? I didn’t know you had any.

_Kids._ Yaas, several. Destwuctiveness, combativeness, idolitwy—

_Dasher._ Ideality.

_Kids._ Yaas, it’s vewry wemarkable how those phwenological fellaws lay
out your bwains, and name them just like—aw—stweets.

_Dasher_ (_aside_). They must have labeled some of yours “No
Thoroughfare.”

_Eva._ O, don’t talk about brains, Mr. Kids. The discussion of such a
subject might fly to your head.

_Dasher._ And so light is the material there, cause a conflagration.

_Kids._ Yaas, yaas, like a Mansard woof. And, Dashaw, I’ve got a
diwectory of my bwains, and it’s deucedly clevaw; for if an ideah gets
into my bwains, I can trace it out in the diwectory, and tell just where
it lies, you know, and know just where to find it. Deuced clevaw.

_Dasher_ (_aside_). ’Twould die of starvation before you found it.

_Mrs. M._ (_comes down_). Ah, here’s Munseer Adonis at last!

                      _Enter_ MONSIEUR ADONIS, R.

_Mons. A._ _Charmant, charmant_, leedies and gentimen, I kees your
hands. You do me proud. I feel ze glow of satisfaction in ze inermost
inside of zis bosom, when you do me ze _grande honneur_ to grace my
salon wiz your presence. I feel ze glow all ovar.

_Mrs. M._ O, Munseer Adonis!

_Eva._ Politest of Frenchmen.

_Ida._ Paragon of dancing-masters.

_Mons. A._ Pardon me, _charmant_ medmoiselles and adorable madam, if ze
modest blush of shame paint my cheek wiz ze hues of ze roses. I am ze
humble instrument of ze divine art which gives ze grace to ze figure,
and ze airy lightness to ze beautiful toes of madam and ze _charmant_
medmoiselles.

_Eva._ Now, Munseer Adonis, we are all impatience. When will the dance
begin?

_Mons. A._ On ze instant. Ze company have assemble in ze grande salon.
When madam and her friends make ze grande entrée, zen will ze music
strike ze signal.

_Ida._ We are all ready.

_Mrs. M._ Munseer Adonis, one word with you.

_Mons. A._ Wiz ze uttermost pleasure. Am I not ze slave of ze matchless
madam (_aside_) and her money. (_They retire up stage, and converse._)

_Dasher._ Miss Eva, I must have an interview with you this evening. I
have much to say. Meet me here in half an hour.

_Eva._ Certainly. I’ll slip away at the first opportunity.

_Dasher._ Thank you. The first dance is mine, you remember.

_Kids._ Aw, Miss Ida, I must speak with you alone; I must, weally.
There’s something on my bwain—no—on my bweast, that must be welieved.
Don’t go. Stay behind with me.

_Ida._ And lose the first dance?—No, indeed.

_Kids._ Weally, I couldn’t ask that. Couldn’t you contwive to meet me
here alone?

_Ida._ At the first opportunity. I’ll do my best. (_Rises._) Eva, one
moment.

_Eva_ (_rises and comes,_ C.). Well, dear?

_Ida._ Don’t you think, Mr. Kids wants me to meet him here alone.

_Eva._ Does he? The same thought must have wandered into his bwain that
crept into Mr. Dasher’s, for he expects me to meet him here alone.

_Ida._ Do you know what it all means?

_Eva._ Certainly—proposals.

_Ida._ And will you permit Mr. Dasher—

_Eva._ No, indeed. Marry that fickle thing? Never!

_Ida._ Exactly my mind. Mr. Kid’s a fool.

_Eva._ But, like Mr. Dasher, a splendid waltzer. We cannot afford to
lose them.

_Ida._ Indeed we cannot. Partners are so scarce.

_Eva._ They want father’s money.

_Ida._ But they must not have his daughters.

_Eva._ No, indeed. You watch me, and I’ll watch you, and there’ll be no
proposals. (_Retire to_ R. _and_ L. MONSIEUR ADONIS _and_ MRS. MULLIGRUB
_come down stage._)

_Mrs. M._ And you got my note, Munseer Adonis?

_Mons. A._ Ah, madam, I have it next my heart. (_Produces an envelope,
opens it, takes out note, puts envelope in his pocket. Reads._) “Meet me
in the private drawing-room when ze company are waltzing. Do not fail
me. Hannah Mulligrub.” Zat is all it say.

_Mrs. M._ But you know what it means. I am anxious to learn “The Boston
Dip.” Were I to come to your school I should be laughed at, but here,
while the company are waltzing, no one would know it, and the inspiring
music would aid me. I don’t want to make a fool of myself, you
understand.

_Mons. A._ Certainly. All zat I shall remember. I have written on ze
back of ze note “Boston Dip.” I put him in ze pocket wiz my
handkerchief, so zat when I pull him out to wipe my face ze note will
arrest my attention, and I shall fly to you, madam. (_Puts note and
handkerchief in his pocket._)

_Mrs. M._ O, you Frenchmen are so inveterate.

_Dasher._ Come, Monsieur Adonis, the dance, the dance! I’m all
impatience (_aside to_ EVA) for its end.

_Kids._ Weally, the delay is vexatious; it is, weally. (_Aside to_ IDA.)
Meet me here, you know.

_Mons. A._ Pardon me, I am all impatience. _Charmant_, madam, shall I
have ze pleasure. (_Offers his arm to_ MRS. MULLIGRUB.) Ze night is ver
warm, ver warm. (_Music, “Beautiful Blue Danube.”_ MONSIEUR ADONIS
_takes out his handkerchief. The note falls on stage. He wipes his face,
passes out door,_ R., _followed by_ DASHER _and_ EVA, KIDS _and_ IDA.)

                         _Enter_ MULLIGRUB, C.

_Mulligrub._ So, so, here we are, Mrs. Mulligrub, unexpectedly, and no
doubt unwelcome. You imagine the old codger snoozing away at home, but
here he is, and wide awake too. It’s about time the head of the house
knew what is going on. And here’s where the money goes. Well, who cares?
There’s lots of it, so let it fly. But I’ve a wonderful curiosity to
know how my Hannah carries herself among all these fine snobs, so I’m
bound to have a peep. (_Goes towards door_, R. _Sees note on carpet._)
Hallo! what’s this? a billy-deux? (_Picking it up._) Where’s my specs?
(_Reads._) “Meet me”—ho, ho! here’s a nice little plot—(_reads_)—“in the
private drawing-room”—that’s here—(_reads_)—“while the company are
waltzing. Do not fail me. Hannah Mulligrub.” My wife! Ye gods and little
fishes! my wife. “Do not fail me.” Is this the reward of my generosity?
My wife! What does it mean? Who is the scoundrel that is tampering with
the affections of Hannah, and the peace of Moses Mulligrub? (_Turns note
over._) “Boston Dip.” Who’s he? “Boston Dip.” There’s a name. I’ve heard
of the “Manchester Pet,” and the “Dublin Baby,” but the “Boston
Dip,”—confound him, let me get hold of him, and I’ll Christen him with a
dip that will drown him. Here’s nice goings on! A respectable wife, and
a mother, too, making an appointment with an individual bearing such a
name as that—“Boston Dip.” He shall not fail you, Mrs. M., but he must
meet me too. I’ll not stir from this place until I know what this means.
This comes of letting women roam abroad when they should be kept at
home. O, Mrs. Mulligrub! if I don’t cut down your pin money for this my
name’s not Moses Mulligrub. I’ll not leave you a pin to stand on.
(_Takes chair; slams it down,_ C.) “Boston Dip.” (_Sits, and jumps up._)
Gracious! he must be a sparrer, and that’s his fighting name. No matter,
let him come on. (_Sparring._) The old man’s a little out of practice,
but he’s game. (_Sits; folds his arms._) If this little party does not
end in a shindy, it won’t be my fault.

           DASHER _backs in,_ R., _waving his handkerchief._

_Dasher._ Does she mean to come? I cannot attract her attention. (_Backs
up still, waving his handkerchief._) Why don’t she come? (_Backs
against_ MULLIGRUB’S _chair, sending it over, and_ MULLIGRUB _on to the
floor._) I beg your pardon.

_Mulligrub_ (_picking himself up_). Sir!

_Dasher._ I really beg your pardon. Did you break anything?

_Mulligrub._ No, sir; but I shall presently break the peace and your
head.

_Dasher._ I beg you won’t do anything of the kind. It was an accident;
and besides, you are trespassing here.

_Mulligrub._ O, I am! And pray, sir, will you be kind enough to explain
the meaning of that remark?

_Dasher._ Certainly. This is Mrs. Mulligrub’s private drawing-room,
where none but her friends are allowed to enter.

_Mulligrub._ Indeed! (_Aside._) This must be “Dip.” (_Aloud._) Well,
sir, I am one of her friends—a particular friend.

_Dasher._ I see: an old friend of the family. You’re just the man I want
to see. Yes, sir, the moment I set eyes on you I said to myself,
“There’s a man who can serve me.”

_Mulligrub._ Indeed—(_aside_) with a broken head.

_Dasher._ Yes, sir. You know old Mulligrub?

_Mulligrub_ (_aside_). Old Mulligrub! (_Aloud._) Intimately.

_Dasher._ Good. I’ve never seen him, but people say he’s immensely rich.
What do you say? Will he cut up well?

_Mulligrub_ (_aside_). “Cut up!” Confound his impudence.

_Dasher._ I’ve particular reasons for wishing to know. I may say, I am
very much attached to a member of his family, you understand. I’m not
mercenary; but you know times are hard, and to make a respectable show
in society, have a nice house, a half dozen fast horses, and all that
sort of thing, requires money. Now, what I want to know is this, will
the old man shell out?

_Mulligrub._ Shell out? Look here, young man, for coolness you certainly
would take the premium at the largest display of frozen wares in Alaska.
If I don’t answer your polite questions, it is because your audacity has
so astounded me, that, hang me, if I know whether there is an old
Mulligrub to “cut up” or “shell out” at all. (_Aside._) It must
certainly be “Dip.”

_Dasher._ O, you won’t tell. Hush! there’s somebody coming—somebody who
I am particularly anxious to meet alone, you understand. Just step out
of that door (_pointing,_ C.), that’s a good fellow.

_Mulligrub._ Sir, I shall do nothing of the kind.

_Dasher._ But you must—only for a moment, and then you shall return.
(_Pushes him back._)

_Mulligrub._ Sir, do you know who I am?

_Dasher._ Certainly; a friend of the family; and, as a friend of the
family, when the time comes you shall know all. Now go, that’s a good
fellow. (_Pushes him back to door,_ C.)

_Mulligrub._ But, sir, I shall not. (_Aside._) Stop. I’ll watch.
(_Aloud._) Very well, sir; as I seem to be in the way, I will retire.

_Dasher._ I knew you would—you’re such a good fellow.

_Mulligrub._ Good fellow! (_Aside._) Confound his impudence.

                                                             [_Exit,_ C.

_Dasher._ Ha, ha! Got rid of him. (_Comes down stage._ MULLIGRUB
_enters_, C., _and steps behind screen._) Now for a tender interview
with Miss Eva, ending in a proposal, which I know she will accept.
(_Enter_ EVA, C.) I knew you would come.

_Eva._ Because I promised. O, Mr. Dasher, that waltz was delightful.

_Dasher._ Indeed! I am glad you enjoyed it. If it gave you pleasure I
should be satisfied, though my heart is heavy, and the waltz had little
inspiration for me.

_Eva._ Dear me, Mr. Dasher, you look as melancholy as an owl. What has
gone wrong?

_Dasher._ Nothing—everything—Miss Eva. I am on the verge of a precipice,
a frightful precipice. (MULLIGRUB’S _head appears above screen_.)

_Mulligrub_ (_aside_). There’s “Dip” and—Eva, as I live!

_Eva._ I don’t understand you, Mr. Dasher.

_Dasher._ Upon the verge of a frightful precipice I totter. Beneath me
are the whitened bones of many a mortal. If I fall not a tear will be
shed for me.

_Mulligrub_ (_aside_). Nary a tear, young man.

_Dasher._ ’Tis the valley of disappointed hopes.

_Mulligrub_ (_aside_). Dip’s getting grave.

_Dasher._ Into this must I fall, unless the succoring hand be stretched
forth to me.

_Mulligrub_ (_aside_). The sucker!

_Dasher._ You, Miss Eva, you—admirable, divine, angelic—can stretch
forth that hand to save Dasher from dashing himself into the valley.

_Eva._ Mr. Dasher, have you been drinking?

_Dasher._ Draughts of bliss from the fountain of love: basking in the
sunshine of your presence. O, Miss Eva, will you save me?

_Eva._ Once again, Mr. Dasher, I tell you I do not understand you.

_Mulligrub_ (_aside_). ’Twould puzzle a Dutchman.

_Dasher._ Have I then been mistaken? have those little delicate
attentions which I fondly imagined were gaining for me a corner on your
heart—ah, I mean in your heart—been wasted on the desert air?

_Mulligrub_ (_aside_). Dip’s getting airy.

_Dasher._ On the brink of a precipice I stand—

_Mulligrub_ (_aside_). On the rocks again, Dip.

_Dasher._ Can you see me rush headlong to ruin, angelic Eva.

_Mulligrub_ (_aside_). Dip’s getting high—

_Dasher._ You are the star of my destiny; you are the prize for which I
strive, you are the divinity of my adoration. Here on my knees—(_Falls
on his knees_ L. _of_ EVA.) I swear nothing shall part us.

                     _Enter_ IDA, R., _hurriedly_.

_Ida._ O, quick, quick, Eva! I’ve got you such a partner! He’s all
impatience. Quick! the music is just about to commence. I wouldn’t have
you lose him for the world.

_Eva._ But Ida—

_Ida._ Don’t stop to talk. Come quick! quick! (_Drags her off_, R.)

_Mulligrub_ (_aside_). Ha, ha! Dip’s left on the brink again.

_Dasher_ (_jumping up_). Confound that girl! I’ve lost the chance. This
comes of making a long story about a very short question. The precipice
was a failure. I’ll go and pump the friend of the family. (_Exit_, C.
MULLIGRUB _comes from screen_.)

_Mulligrub._ That can’t be Dip, after all. He’s after Eva. But he can’t
have her. Thanks to his confidential assurance, I can send him over the
precipice into the valley of disappointed hopes in short order.

                            _Enter_ KIDS, C.

_Kids._ Now weally, I saw Miss Ida enter this woom, positively saw her,
and now she’s gone. Hallo! an intrudaw. Sir, I have not the honow of
your acquaintance. This woom is the wesort, the westing-place of a bevy
of divine goddesses. No masculine mortals are allowed to entaw here.

_Mulligrub._ Show! then you are not a masculine mortal, I take it.

_Kids._ Sir, you are impertinent. I am—I am a particular fwiend of the
lady who is the lawful possessor of this wesort.

_Mulligrub_ (_aside_). Can this be Dip? (_Aloud._) Sir, I am a
particular friend of the lady in question, being the brother of her
husband’s brother.

_Kids._ Weally, the bwover of her husband’s bwover. Pon honow, that’s a
sort of cwoss-eyed welation.

_Mulligrub._ What do you mean by that? Do you doubt my right to be here?

_Kids._ Hey? wight?—no, no. (_Aside._) He must be a witch welation.
(_Aloud._) Do you know Mr. Mulligwub?

_Mulligrub._ Intimately.

_Kids._ I say, would it be a good inwestment to wun away with a membaw
of his family?

_Mulligrub_ (_aside_). It must be Dip. Shall I mash him? No, no, the
proof first. (_Aloud._) Splendid! Can I help you?

_Kids._ Well, I don’t know. He’s a wough specimen, and he so vulgaw.
Sold fish in a handcart, too. I detest fish, it’s on such a low scale.
Now isn’t that good? It’s owiginal, too. I don’t like the odaw. Dreadful
low people, but then, there’s lots of money. Yaas, I think I will
sacwafice myself.

_Mulligrub_ (_aside_). I’ll sacrifice you, you monkey. (_Aloud._) But
tell me, who is the favored member of the family?

_Kids._ Hush! somebody’s coming. You must wetire.

_Mulligrub._ What, and lose the fun? No, I thank you.

_Kids._ You must, weally. The lady is coming. It would shock her
delicate nerves were you to be pwesent at the interview. So go, that’s a
dear fellah. (_Pushes him back_, C.)

_Mulligrub_ (_aside_). He calls me a good fellah. Shall I fell him on
the spot? No, I’ll wait; vengeance can afford to wait.

_Kids._ Do wetire, and, when it’s all ovaw, I will call you. (_Pushes
him back_, C.) Good fellah.

_Mulligrub._ You’ll call me when it’s all over. (_Aside._) I’ll be on
hand while it’s going on.

                                                             [_Exit_, C.

_Kids._ There, the bwover of the husband’s bwover is excluded from the
apartment of the wife of the bwover’s husband—no, that ain’t it, it’s
the bwover’s wife’s husband—no, or—(_Mulligrub enters_, C., _and gets
behind screen_.) Here she comes, lovely as a poppy, because she’s got a
rich poppy. That’s good—owiginal, too.

                            _Enter_ IDA, R.

_Ida._ Here I am, Mr. Kids, to fulfill my promise.

_Kids._ Yaas, Miss Ida, like the bounding fawn that—that—weally, I
forget what the bounding fawn was doing—O, weally, bounding, of course.
That’s very good—isn’t it?—owiginal, too. But where was the bounding
fawn bound? that’s the question.

_Ida._ I wish I could answer your question, but, not being versed in
natural history, I am unable to say.

_Kids._ Weally. Well, never mind the fawn. Listen, O, listen! I’m a
miserable wetch, I am.

_Ida._ Miserable? you?

_Kids_. Yaas, weally. I’m standing—I’m standing,—where am I standing?—O,
on the bwink of a howid pwecipice.

_Mulligrub_ (_sticking his head above screen_). Hallo! another brink,
another precipice, and—Ida, as I live.

_Ida._ La, Mr. Kids, what a dangerous position.

_Mulligrub_ (_aside_). Kids; then it’s not Dip, that’s certain.

_Kids._ O, dweadful, dweadful. But you can save me.

_Ida._ How, Mr. Kids?

_Kids._ That’s the ideah, Miss Ida; for when a fellah is on the bwink of
such a pwecipice, as the pwecipice I am on the bwink of, the best way to
save him is to push him ovaw.

_Ida._ Well, that’s certainly an original idea.

_Kids._ Yaas, it is an owiginal, idea—mine, too—I found it in my bwain,
with the help of the diwectory. When a fellah’s on the bwink of
matwimony, of course his safety and his happiness is secured by his
being pushed into it. You see my ideah.

_Mulligrub_ (_aside_). Deuced clumsy one.

_Ida._ But how can I help you?

_Kids._ By pushing me ovaw. Miss Ida, you are bewitching, you are
lovely, you are divine, and on my knees I ask you (_falls on his knees_
L. _of_ IDA) to give me a push.

_Mulligrub_ (_aside_). Confounded jackass.

_Ida._ But, Mr. Kids, I don’t understand. You’re so—so—(_Aside._) Where
can Eva be? (_Aloud._) You say you are on the brink of a precipice.

_Kids._ Howid, howid; and if you consent to be—

                            _Enter_ EVA, R.

_Eva._ Quick, quick, Ida! mother’s fainted.

_Ida._ You don’t mean it?

_Eva._ Yes, yes, come quick! What are you waiting for?

_Ida._ But Mr. Kids is on the brink of a precipice.

_Eva._ Let him stay there. Come with me. (_Drags_ EVA _off_, R.)

_Mulligrub_ (_aside_). Won’t somebody be kind enough to remove that
precipice?

_Kids_ (_rising_). Yaas, weally, that owiginal ideah will kill me, I
know it will. I must go and bathe my head in Cologne, I must weally.
Miss Ida didn’t push well; in fact, I don’t believe she’s fond of
pushing fellah’s ovaw, I don’t, weally.

                                                             [_Exit_, C.

_Mulligrub_ (_comes from behind screen_). I don’t think that’s Dip—I
don’t, weally. Egad! those girls of mine are determined not to be caught
by chaff. I wonder if I can say as much for the old lady. I wish she
would make her appearance. This must be the room. Ah, here she comes.
Now for something interesting. (_Runs behind screen._)

                       _Enter_ MRS. MULLIGRUB, R.

_Mrs. M._ The fiddlers are tuning up for a waltz, and if Munseer Adonis
is to keep his word now is the time. I wonder what Moses would say if he
knew what I was about. But he can’t know. He’s safe at home, and there’s
certainly no harm in obtaining a graceful _inquisition_ to my other
accomplishments. (_Music, Beautiful Blue Danube, soft and low._) There
they go. O, isn’t that splendid. (_Waltzes about stage in a very awkward
manner._)

_Mulligrub_ (_with head above screen_). What’s the matter with Hannah?
She’s bobbing about the room like a turkey with’s its head off.

                      _Enter_ MONSIEUR ADONIS, R.

_Mons. A._ _Charmant, charmant!_ (_Music stops._) Madam, you are ze
ecstasy of motion. You have ze grace of ze antelope, and ze step of ze
fairy.

_Mrs. M._ O, don’t! You have come—

_Mons. A._ Wiz ze “Boston Dip,” as I have promise.

_Mulligrub_ (_aside_). “Boston Dip.” That’s him—the scoundrel!

_Mrs. M._ O, I’m so nervous.

_Mulligrub_ (_aside_). You ought to be, you hypocrite.

_Mons. M._ Zar is not ze least occasion. We are here alone.

_Mulligrub_ (_aside_). Not quite, Dip, not quite.

_Mons. A._ No one will dare to enter here. Zar is none to look at you
but I, and am I not discretion itself, madam?

_Mrs. M._ O, you are the soul of honor.

_Mulligrub_ (_aside_). Humbug!

_Mons. M._ Now, zar is no time to lose. Permit me. (_Takes her hand and
leads her_ C.)

_Mulligrub_ (_aside_). Dip’s taking her hand. I shall choke!

_Mons. A._ Put your left hand in mine—so.

_Mulligrub_ (_aside_). She obeys him. Ah, faithless Hannah!

_Mons. A._ Zat is good. Do not tremble—zar is no danger.

_Mulligrub_ (_aside_). Don’t be so sure of that.

_Mons. A._ Now, my arm around your waist—so.

_Mulligrub_ (_aside_). O, perfidious Hannah!

_Mons. A._ Now let your head drop upon ze collar of my coat. Ah, zat is
good, zat is exquisite.

_Mulligrub._ She presses his collar, and my cholar is rising. I shall
choke with rage.

_Mons. M._ All right. Now, one, two, three, and off we go.

_Mulligrub_ (_pushing the screen over on to the floor. Discovered
standing in a chair, with doubled fist_). Stop! (_Very loud._)

_Mrs. M._ Ah! (_Screams, and falls into_ MONSIEUR ADONIS’S _arms_.)

_Mons. A._ Sacre! Who calls so loud?

_Mulligrub._ An injured husband.

_Mrs. M._ (_jumping up_). O, it’s Moses!

_Mulligrub._ Yes, it is Moses! Moses the deluded; Moses the deceived;
Moses the betrayed; Moses on the brink of a precipice.

_Mom. A._ Moses!—Who be Moses?

_Mrs. M._ My husband.

_Mons. A._ Monsieur Mulligrub! O, ze light break upon my head.

_Mulligrub_ (_jumping down_). Tremble, rascal! You’re discovered. Woman,
begone! O, Hannah! can I believe my eyes. You—you make an appointment
with such a miserable, contemptible, sneaking cur as that? But I’ll be
revenged, rascal! (_Takes_ MONSIEUR ADONIS _by throat_.) Blaster of
peaceful families (_shaking him_), I’ll have your life!

_Mons. A._ Help! help! I am choke all over too much! Help! help!

_Mrs. M._ O, Moses, spare him!

_Mulligrub._ Never! I’ll shake the life out of him. Rascal!

_Mons. A._ Help! somebody, quick!

_Mulligrub._ Scoundrel!

_Mons. A._ Help! help! He squeeze my windpipe all too much.

           _Enter_, R., IDA _and_ EVA; C., DASHER _and_ KIDS.

_Eva._ Father here?

_Ida._ And fighting?

_Dasher._ What is the meaning of this?

_Kids._ Weally, a wow, a wiot, a wumpus!

_Mulligrub._ Meaning of it! Look at this miserable wretch!—this thing
who answers to the name of “Boston Dip.”

_All._ “Boston Dip.”

_Mons. A._ Sar, you insult me. My name is Monsieur Achilles Adonis.

_Eva._ And “Boston Dip” is the name given to the latest movement of the
waltz.

_Mulligrub._ What, not the name of an individual? Then, what is the
meaning of that? (_Shows note._)

_Mons. A._ Zat is my note, monsieur.

_Mrs. M._ Yes, written by me to Monsieur Adonis, asking him to give me a
private lesson here.

_Eva._ And father thought it a love affair? O, father!

_Ida._ A man with the name of “Boston Dip!” O, father!

_Dasher._ Friend of the family, you’ve made a mistake.

_Kids._ Yaas, dipped into the wong man. Now isn’t that good—owiginal,
too.

_Mulligrub_ (_looks at each in a foolish manner, then takes_ MRS.
MULLIGRUB _by the hand; leads her_ C., _and kneels_). Hannah, I’m on the
brink of a frightful precipice. I’ve made a fool of myself. Forgive me,
and let’s go home.

_Mrs. M._ I think you have, Moses.

_Dasher._ There’s not the least doubt of it.

_Kids._ Yaas, Moses into the bull-wushes! That’s good—weally owiginal,
too.

_Mulligrub_ (_rising_). Monsieur Adonis, I beg your pardon for my
rudeness. I will make amends, ample reparation. Greenbacks shall shower
upon your classic academy. To you, gentlemen, I need make no apologies.
You see the old man has “cut up,” and perhaps may be made to “shell
out.” I don’t think my girls will be able to assist you on that
precipice. With your permission, I will retire.

_Eva._ Don’t go, father. Stay and enjoy yourself.

_Ida._ And see us waltz. We have splendid partners.

_Mons. A._ Proficient in all ze elegancies of ze art.

_Mrs. M._ Moses, I’m ashamed of you. You’re really _proficient_ in the
usages of fashionable _depravity_; but I’ll forgive you, and make you
acquainted with my new flame, one which you so grievously mistook, my
harmless pet, “The Boston Dip.” (_Music, Beautiful Blue Danube._ MR.
MULLIGRUB _bows, and retires up_, C. _Waltz_, MONSIEUR ADONIS _and_ MRS.
MULLIGRUB; DASHER _and_ EVA; KIDS _and_ IDA.)


                                CURTAIN.

------------------------------------------------------------------------




                       SPENCER’S UNIVERSAL STAGE.


               _A Collection of COMEDIES, DRAMAS, and
               FARCES, adapted to either Public or
               Private Performance. Containing a full
               description of all the necessary Stage
               Business._

                               ----------

            _PRICE, 15 CENTS EACH._ ☞ _No Plays exchanged._

                               ----------

1. =Lost in London.= A Drama in Three Acts. 6 Male, 4 Female characters.

2. =Nicholas Flam.= A Comedy In Two Acts. By J.B. Buckstone. 5 Male, 3
    Female characters.

3. =The Welsh Girl.= A Comedy in One Act. By Mrs. Planche. 3 Male, 2
    Female characters.

4. =John Wopps.= A Farce in One Act. By W.E. Suter. 4 Male, 2 Female
    characters.

5. =The Turkish Bath.= A Farce in One Act. By Montague Williams and F.C.
    Burnand. 6 Male, 1 Female character.

6. =The Two Puddifoots.= A Farce in One Act. By J.M. Morton. 3 Male, 3
    Female characters.

7. =Old Honesty.= A Comic Drama in Two Acts. By J.M. Morton. 5 Male, 2
    Female characters.

8. =Two Gentlemen in a Fix.= A Farce in One Act. By W.E. Suter. 2 Male
    characters.

9. =Smashington Goit.= A Farce in One Act. By T.J. Williams. 5 Male, 3
    Female characters.

10. =Two Heads Better than One.= A Farce in One Act. By Lenox Horne. 4
    Male, 1 Female character.

11. =John Dobbs.= A Farce in One Act. By J.M. Morton. 5 Male, 2 Female
    characters.

12. =The Daughter of the Regiment.= A Drama in Two Acts. By Edward
    Fitzball. 6 Male, 2 Female characters.

13. =Aunt Charlotte’s Maid.= A Farce in One Act. By J.M. Morton. 3 Male,
    3 Female characters.

14. =Brother Bill and Me.= A Farce In One Act. By W.E. Suter. 4 Male, 3
    Female characters.

15. =Done on Both Sides.= A Farce in One Act. By J.M. Morton. 3 Male, 2
    Female characters.

16. =Dunducketty’s Picnic.= A Farce in One Act. By T.J. Williams. 6
    Male, 3 Female characters.

17. =I’ve written to Browne.= A Farce in One Act. By T.J. Williams. 4
    Male, 3 Female characters.

18. =Lending a Hand.= A Farce In One Act. By G.A. A’Becket. 3 Male, 2
    Female characters.

19. =My Precious Betsy.= A Farce in One Act. By J.M. Morton. 4 Male, 4
    Female characters.

20. =My Turn Next.= A Farce in One Act. By T.J. Williams. 4 Male, 3
    Female characters.

21. =Nine Points of the Law.= A Comedy in One Act. By Tom Taylor. 4
    Male, 3 Female characters.

22. =The Phantom Breakfast.= A Farce in One Act. By Charles Selby. 3
    Male, 2 Female characters.

23. =Dandelions Dodges.= A Farce in One Act. By T.J. Williams. 4 Male, 2
    Female characters.

24. =A Slice of Luck.= A Farce in One Act. By J.M. Morton. 4 Male, 2
    Female characters.

25. =Always Intended.= A Comedy in One Act. By Horace Wigan. 3 Male, 3
    Female characters.

26. =A Bull in a China Shop.= A Comedy in Two Acts. By Charles Matthews.
    6 Male, 4 Female characters.

27. =Another Glass.= A Drama in One Act. By Thomas Morton. 6 Male, 3
    Female characters.

28. =Bowled Out.= A Farce in One Act. By H.T. Craven. 4 Male, 3 Female
    characters.

29. =Cousin Tom.= A Commedietta in One Act. By George Roberts. 3 Male, 2
    Female characters.

30. =Sarah’s Young Man.= A Farce in One Act. By W.E. Suter. 3 Male, 3
    Female characters.

31. =Hit Him, He has No Friends.= A Farce in One Act. By E. Yates and
    N.H. Harrington. 7 Male, 3 Female characters.

32. =The Christening.= A Farce in One Act. By J.B. Buckstone. 5 Male, 6
    Female characters.

33. =A Race for a Widow.= A Farce in One Act. By Thomas J. Williams. 5
    Male, 4 Female characters.

34. =Your Life’s in Danger.= A Farce in One Act. By J.M. Morton. 3 Male,
    3 Female characters.

35. =True unto Death.= A Drama in Two Acts. By J. Sheridan Knowles. 6
    Male, 2 Female characters.

36. =Diamond cut Diamond.= An Interlude in One Act. By W.H. Murray. 10
    Male, 1 Female character.

37. =Look after Brown.= A Farce in One Act. By George A. Stuart, M.D. 6
    Male, 1 Female character.

38. =Monseigneur.= A Drama in Three Acts. By Thomas Archer. 15 Male, 3
    Female characters.

39. =A very pleasant Evening.= A Farce in One Act. By W.E. Suter. 3 Male
    characters.

40. =Brother Ben.= A Farce in One Act. By J.M. Morton. 3 Male, 3 Female
    characters.

41. =Only a Clod.= A Comic Drama in One Act. By J.P. Simpson. 4 Male, 1
    Female character.

42. =Gaspardo the Gondolier.= A Drama in Three Acts. By George Almar. 10
    Male, 2 Female characters.

43. =Sunshine through the Clouds.= A Drama in One Act. By Slingsby
    Lawrence. 3 Male, 3 Female characters.

44. =Don’t Judge by Appearances.= A Farce in One Act. By J.M. Morton. 3
    Male, 2 Female characters.

45. =Nursey Chickweed.= A Farce in One Act. By T.J. Williams. 4 Male, 2
    Female characters.

46. =Mary Moo; or, Which shall I Marry?= A Farce in One Act. By W.E.
    Suter. 2 Male, 1 Female character.

47. =East Lynne.= A Drama in Five Acts. 8 Male, 7 Female characters.

48. =The Hidden Hand.= A Drama in Five Acts. By Robert Jones. 16 Male, 7
    Female characters.

49. =Silverstone’s Wager.= A Commedietta in One Act. By R.R. Andrews. 4
    Male, 3 Female characters.

50. =Dora.= A Pastoral Drama in Three Acts. By Charles Reade. 5 Male, 2
    Female characters.

51. =Blanks and Prizes.= A Farce in One Act. By Dexter Smith. 5 Male, 2
    Female characters.

52. =Old Gooseberry.= A Farce in One Act. By T.J. Williams. 4 Male, 2
    Female characters.

53. =Who’s Who.= A Farce in One Act. By T.J. Williams. 3 Male, 2 Female
    characters.

54. =Bouquet.= A Farce in One Act. 2 Male, 3 Female characters.

55. =The Wife’s Secret.= A Play in Five Acts. By George W. Lovell. 10
    Male, 2 Female characters.

56. =The Babes in the Wood.= A Comedy in Three Acts. By Tom Taylor. 10
    Male, 3 Female characters.

57. =Putkins: Heir to Castles in the Air.= A Comic Drama in One Act. By
    W.R. Emerson. 2 Male, 2 Female characters.

58. =An Ugly Customer.= A Farce in One Act. By Thomas J. Williams. 3
    Male, 2 Female characters.

59. =Blue and Cherry.= A Comedy in One Act. 3 Male, 2 Female characters.

60. =A Doubtful Victory.= A Comedy in One Act. 3 Male, 2 Female
    characters.

61. =The Scarlet Letter.= A Drama in Three Acts. 8 Male, 7 Female
    characters.

62. =Which will have Him?= A Vaudeville. 1 Male, 2 Female characters.

63. =Madam is Abed.= A Vaudeville in One Act. 2 Male, 2 Female
    characters.

64. =The Anonymous Kiss.= A Vaudeville. 2 Male, 2 Female characters.

65. =The Cleft Stick.= A Comedy in Three Acts. 5 Male, 3 Female
    characters.

66. =A Soldier, a Sailor, a Tinker, and a Tailor.= A Farce in One Act. 4
    Male, 2 Female characters.

67. =Give a Dog a Bad Name.= A Farce. 2 Male, 2 Female Characters.

68. =Damon and Pythias.= A Farce. 6 Male, 4 Female characters.

69. =A Husband to Order.= A Serio-Comic Drama in Two Acts. 5 Male, 3
    Female characters.

70. =Payable on Demand.= A Domestic Drama in Two Acts. 7 Male, 1 Female
    character.

                      ----------------------------

                         _Price, 15 cents each.
          Descriptive Catalogue mailed free on application to_

                          GEO. M. BAKER & CO.,

                         149 WASHINGTON ST., BOSTON.

------------------------------------------------------------------------




                     Plays for Amateur Theatricals.

                          By GEORGE M. BAKER.

               _Author of “Amateur Dramas,” “The
               Mimic Stage,” “The Social Stage,”
               “The Drawing-room Stage,” “A Baker’s
               Dozen,” &c._

                  =Titles in this Type are New Plays.=

                      ----------------------------


                                DRAMAS.

                            _In Three Acts._

                                                     _Cts._

            =My Brother’s Keeper.= 5 male, 3 female      15
            characters.

                             _In Two Acts._

            =Among the Breakers.= 6 male, 4 female       15
            characters.

            SYLVIA’S SOLDIER. 3 male, 2 female           15
            characters.

            ONCE ON A TIME. 4 male, 2 female             15
            characters.

            DOWN BY THE SEA. 6 male, 3 female            15
            characters.

            BREAD ON THE WATERS. 5 male, 3 female        15
            characters.

            THE LAST LOAF. 5 male, 3 female              15
            characters.

                             _In One Act._

            STAND BY THE FLAG. 5 male characters.        15
            THE TEMPTER. 3 male, 1 female charac.        15

                          COMEDIES and FARCES.

            =The Boston Dip.= 4 male, 3 female           15
            characters.

            =The Duchess of Dublin.= 6 male, 4           15
            female characters.

            WE’RE ALL TEETOTALERS. 4 male, 2 female      15
            characters.

            A DROP TOO MUCH. 4 male, 2 female            15
            characters.

            THIRTY MINUTES FOR REFRESHMENTS. 4 male,     15
            3 female characters.

            A LITTLE MORE CIDER. 5 male, 3 female        15
            characters.

                        _Male Characters Only._

            =Gentlemen of the Jury.= 12 char.            15
            =A Tender Attachment.= 7 char.               15
            =The Thief of Time.= 6 char.                 15
            =The Hypochondriac.= 5 char.                 15
            =A Public Benefactor.= 6 char.               15
            =The Runaways.= 4 char.                      15
            =Coals of Fire.= 6 char.                     15
            WANTED, A MALE COOK. 4 char.                 15
            A SEA OF TROUBLES. 8 char.                   15

                                FARCES.

            FREEDOM OF THE PRESS. 8 char.                15
            A CLOSE SHAVE. 6 char.                       15
            THE GREAT ELIXIR. 9 char.                    15
            THE MAN WITH THE DEMIJOHN. 4 char.           15
            HUMORS OF THE STRIKE. 8 char.                15
            NEW BROOMS SWEEP CLEAN. 6 char.              15
            MY UNCLE THE CAPTAIN. 6 char.                15

                       _Female Characters Only._

            =The Red Chignon.= 6 char.                   15
            =Using the Weed.= 7 char.                    15
            =A Love of a Bonnet.= 5 char.                15
            =A Precious Pickle.= 6 char.                 15
            THE GREATEST PLAGUE IN LIFE. 8 cha.          15
            NO CURE, NO PAY. 7 char.                     15
            THE GRECIAN BEND. 7 char.                    15

                              ALLEGORIES.
                   _Arranged for Music and Tableaux._

            =The Revolt of the Bees.= 9 female           15
            characters.

            LIGHTHEART’S PILGRIMAGE. 8 female            15
            characters.

            THE WAR OF THE ROSES. 8 female               15
            characters.

            THE SCULPTOR’S TRIUMPH. 1 male, 4 female     15
            characters.


                         MUSICAL AND DRAMATIC.

            =The Seven Ages.= A Tableau                  15
            Entertainment. Numerous male and female
            characters.

            TOO LATE FOR THE TRAIN. 2 male               15
            characters.

            SNOW BOUND; OR, ALONZO THE BRAVE AND THE     25
            FAIR IMOGENE. 3 male, 1 female
            character.

            BONBONS; OR, THE PAINT-KING. 3 male, 1       25
            female character.

            THE PEDLER OF VERY NICE. 7 male              15
            characters.

            AN ORIGINAL IDEA. 1 male, 1 female           15
            character.

            CAPULETTA; OR, ROMEO AND JULIET              15
            RESTORED. 3 male, 1 female character.


                          _TEMPERANCE PIECES._

            THE LAST LOAF. 5 male, 3 female              15
            characters.

            THE TEMPTER. 3 male, 1 female character.     15

            WE’RE ALL TEETOTALERS. 4 male, 2 female      15
            characters.

            A DROP TOO MUCH. 4 male, 2 female            15
            characters.

            A LITTLE MORE CIDER. 5 male, 3 female        15
            characters.

            THE MAN WITH THE DEMIJOHN. 4 characters.     15

------------------------------------------------------------------------

                           Transcriber’s Note


Punctuation has been normalized.

The first page of Spencer’s catalog originally located in the front of
the book has been moved to the back of the book with the balance of the
catalog pages.

The author's choices of spelling and hyphenation, and variations threin,
have been maintained.

Spellings of the names of the following authors listed in Spencer’s
catalog have been maintained, however it is noted to the reader they
differ from other published sources:

  Montague Williams has been noted as Montagu Williams in other sources.

  Lenox Horne has been noted as both Lennox Horne and Charles F. Lennox
  Horne in other sources.

  George A. Stuart has been noted as George A. Stewart in other sources.

Italicized words and phrases are presented by surrounding the text with
_underscores_.

Bold-face words and phrases are presented by surrounding the text with
=equal signs=.

The author’s use of mixed-size capital letters to identify the
characters is presented by the use of all capital letters.





End of the Project Gutenberg EBook of The Boston Dip, by George M. Baker

*** END OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK THE BOSTON DIP ***

***** This file should be named 52665-0.txt or 52665-0.zip *****
This and all associated files of various formats will be found in:
        http://www.gutenberg.org/5/2/6/6/52665/

Produced by David Edwards and the Online Distributed
Proofreading Team at http://www.pgdp.net

Updated editions will replace the previous one--the old editions will
be renamed.

Creating the works from print editions not protected by U.S. copyright
law means that no one owns a United States copyright in these works,
so the Foundation (and you!) can copy and distribute it in the United
States without permission and without paying copyright
royalties. Special rules, set forth in the General Terms of Use part
of this license, apply to copying and distributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works to protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm
concept and trademark. Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark,
and may not be used if you charge for the eBooks, unless you receive
specific permission. If you do not charge anything for copies of this
eBook, complying with the rules is very easy. You may use this eBook
for nearly any purpose such as creation of derivative works, reports,
performances and research. They may be modified and printed and given
away--you may do practically ANYTHING in the United States with eBooks
not protected by U.S. copyright law. Redistribution is subject to the
trademark license, especially commercial redistribution.

START: FULL LICENSE

THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE
PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK

To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free
distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work
(or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full
Project Gutenberg-tm License available with this file or online at
www.gutenberg.org/license.

Section 1. General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works

1.A. By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
(trademark/copyright) agreement. If you do not agree to abide by all
the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or
destroy all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your
possession. If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a
Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound
by the terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the
person or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph
1.E.8.

1.B. "Project Gutenberg" is a registered trademark. It may only be
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement. There are a few
things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement. See
paragraph 1.C below. There are a lot of things you can do with Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this
agreement and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works. See paragraph 1.E below.

1.C. The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation ("the
Foundation" or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection
of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works. Nearly all the individual
works in the collection are in the public domain in the United
States. If an individual work is unprotected by copyright law in the
United States and you are located in the United States, we do not
claim a right to prevent you from copying, distributing, performing,
displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as
all references to Project Gutenberg are removed. Of course, we hope
that you will support the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting
free access to electronic works by freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm
works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the
Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with the work. You can easily
comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the
same format with its attached full Project Gutenberg-tm License when
you share it without charge with others.

1.D. The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
what you can do with this work. Copyright laws in most countries are
in a constant state of change. If you are outside the United States,
check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this
agreement before downloading, copying, displaying, performing,
distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any
other Project Gutenberg-tm work. The Foundation makes no
representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any
country outside the United States.

1.E. Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:

1.E.1. The following sentence, with active links to, or other
immediate access to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear
prominently whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work
on which the phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or with which the
phrase "Project Gutenberg" is associated) is accessed, displayed,
performed, viewed, copied or distributed:

  This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
  most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no
  restrictions whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it
  under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included with this
  eBook or online at www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the
  United States, you'll have to check the laws of the country where you
  are located before using this ebook.

1.E.2. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is
derived from texts not protected by U.S. copyright law (does not
contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the
copyright holder), the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in
the United States without paying any fees or charges. If you are
redistributing or providing access to a work with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg" associated with or appearing on the work, you must comply
either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 or
obtain permission for the use of the work and the Project Gutenberg-tm
trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.3. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted
with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution
must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any
additional terms imposed by the copyright holder. Additional terms
will be linked to the Project Gutenberg-tm License for all works
posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the
beginning of this work.

1.E.4. Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this
work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-tm.

1.E.5. Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this
electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without
prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with
active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project
Gutenberg-tm License.

1.E.6. You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,
compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including
any word processing or hypertext form. However, if you provide access
to or distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg-tm work in a format
other than "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other format used in the official
version posted on the official Project Gutenberg-tm web site
(www.gutenberg.org), you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense
to the user, provide a copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means
of obtaining a copy upon request, of the work in its original "Plain
Vanilla ASCII" or other form. Any alternate format must include the
full Project Gutenberg-tm License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.

1.E.7. Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,
performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm works
unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.8. You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing
access to or distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
provided that

* You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from
  the use of Project Gutenberg-tm works calculated using the method
  you already use to calculate your applicable taxes. The fee is owed
  to the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, but he has
  agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation. Royalty payments must be paid
  within 60 days following each date on which you prepare (or are
  legally required to prepare) your periodic tax returns. Royalty
  payments should be clearly marked as such and sent to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the address specified in
  Section 4, "Information about donations to the Project Gutenberg
  Literary Archive Foundation."

* You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
  you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
  does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm
  License. You must require such a user to return or destroy all
  copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue
  all use of and all access to other copies of Project Gutenberg-tm
  works.

* You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of
  any money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
  electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days of
  receipt of the work.

* You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
  distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.

1.E.9. If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work or group of works on different terms than
are set forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing
from both the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and The
Project Gutenberg Trademark LLC, the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm
trademark. Contact the Foundation as set forth in Section 3 below.

1.F.

1.F.1. Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread
works not protected by U.S. copyright law in creating the Project
Gutenberg-tm collection. Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may
contain "Defects," such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate
or corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other
intellectual property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or
other medium, a computer virus, or computer codes that damage or
cannot be read by your equipment.

1.F.2. LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the "Right
of Replacement or Refund" described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project
Gutenberg-tm trademark, and any other party distributing a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all
liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal
fees. YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE
PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH 1.F.3. YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE
TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGE.

1.F.3. LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a
defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can
receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
written explanation to the person you received the work from. If you
received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium
with your written explanation. The person or entity that provided you
with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in
lieu of a refund. If you received the work electronically, the person
or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second
opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund. If
the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing
without further opportunities to fix the problem.

1.F.4. Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you 'AS-IS', WITH NO
OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.

1.F.5. Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of
damages. If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement
violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the
agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or
limitation permitted by the applicable state law. The invalidity or
unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the
remaining provisions.

1.F.6. INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone
providing copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in
accordance with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the
production, promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, harmless from all liability, costs and expenses,
including legal fees, that arise directly or indirectly from any of
the following which you do or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this
or any Project Gutenberg-tm work, (b) alteration, modification, or
additions or deletions to any Project Gutenberg-tm work, and (c) any
Defect you cause.

Section 2. Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg-tm

Project Gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of
electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of
computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers. It
exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations
from people in all walks of life.

Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
assistance they need are critical to reaching Project Gutenberg-tm's
goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg-tm collection will
remain freely available for generations to come. In 2001, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure
and permanent future for Project Gutenberg-tm and future
generations. To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation and how your efforts and donations can help, see
Sections 3 and 4 and the Foundation information page at
www.gutenberg.org



Section 3. Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation

The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non profit
501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the
state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal
Revenue Service. The Foundation's EIN or federal tax identification
number is 64-6221541. Contributions to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by
U.S. federal laws and your state's laws.

The Foundation's principal office is in Fairbanks, Alaska, with the
mailing address: PO Box 750175, Fairbanks, AK 99775, but its
volunteers and employees are scattered throughout numerous
locations. Its business office is located at 809 North 1500 West, Salt
Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887. Email contact links and up to
date contact information can be found at the Foundation's web site and
official page at www.gutenberg.org/contact

For additional contact information:

    Dr. Gregory B. Newby
    Chief Executive and Director
    gbnewby@pglaf.org

Section 4. Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

Project Gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without wide
spread public support and donations to carry out its mission of
increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
freely distributed in machine readable form accessible by the widest
array of equipment including outdated equipment. Many small donations
($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt
status with the IRS.

The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United
States. Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a
considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up
with these requirements. We do not solicit donations in locations
where we have not received written confirmation of compliance. To SEND
DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any particular
state visit www.gutenberg.org/donate

While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we
have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition
against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who
approach us with offers to donate.

International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make
any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from
outside the United States. U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.

Please check the Project Gutenberg Web pages for current donation
methods and addresses. Donations are accepted in a number of other
ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations. To
donate, please visit: www.gutenberg.org/donate

Section 5. General Information About Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works.

Professor Michael S. Hart was the originator of the Project
Gutenberg-tm concept of a library of electronic works that could be
freely shared with anyone. For forty years, he produced and
distributed Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks with only a loose network of
volunteer support.

Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks are often created from several printed
editions, all of which are confirmed as not protected by copyright in
the U.S. unless a copyright notice is included. Thus, we do not
necessarily keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper
edition.

Most people start at our Web site which has the main PG search
facility: www.gutenberg.org

This Web site includes information about Project Gutenberg-tm,
including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to
subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.

